To build emotional intelligence, you need to develop both
self-awareness and social awareness.
Self-awareness helps you understand your own emotions.
Social awareness is about using that understanding
to connect better with others.
A great way to start?
Use your senses.
When you're in a conversation or walking through your environment,
pause and ask yourself:
-	"What do I see?"
-	"What do I hear?"
-	"What do I feel?"
It might sound simple, but we often miss these cues—especially when
we’re stressed or busy.
Try a quick “sensory audit.” Go for a walk and
really focus on your surroundings.
The more you practice, the more aware you'll become of social
signals—like facial expressions, tone of voice, and body language.
These small details can tell you a lot about how others are feeling.
When you tune in, you can respond more thoughtfully and build
stronger, more meaningful relationships.
Join me in the next video to learn how to take this even further.